# edX-financial-assistance-answers

## Tell us about your current financial situation. Why do you need assistance? 
I'm currently a first-year computer student, with no source of income whatsoever. Living with my mom whom pay for my college also my personal expenses. I'm striving to become a skilful developer with plenty of experience; so I can be the sole carer of my family. The verification costs $150, which is a whole month of my mother's wage. Gathering this amount of money is very hard, if not impossible, due to the high expense of life in Egypt these days. I am studying in a private institute which is not well recognized among people outside the academic field (HR for example) so having a certificate from edx will lower the gap between me and public universities students. I asked for the assistance as I find the content is high quality and will be helpful in my career and a remarkable spot in my CV. I would be happy to get financial help and discount. Receiving this Financial assistance will open for me a new horizon of the world of edX courses, which in turn will help me in the future.

## Tell us about your learning or professional goals. How will a Verified Certificate in this course help you achieve these goals?
I'm pursuing computer-science; a highly competitive field with a lot of brilliant minds. CS50 is known to be the best course as an introduction to Computer Science, and the professor is known to be one of the best in the world, not also, it's taught in Harvard. I believe with these credentials in account, the course will be a bright spot in my CV and career overall. I believe that the toughest step in any career is the first one, so I'm pursuing CS50; so that, the journey to achieving my goal becomes less intense; as I have the fundamentals I need in Computer Science which will help me get immersed into Software Engineering. Not only, since the increasing number of people pursuing Computer Science and Software Engineering, employers and tech leads appreciate the basics as it helps solve a lot of problems that could arise at any time and be technology-agnostic, like performance issues and such. Overall, studying the fundamentals of Computer Science with a high quality content like CS50 will be a bright spot in my resume and help me become a better Software Engineer.


## Tell us about your plans for this course. What steps will you take to help you complete the course work and receive a certificate? 
I already went through the first two weeks of the course, and I'm planning to keep going; working through all the material and assessments. I also joined the Discord server for the course so I can follow up with the updates and discuss it with other learners. I will be also working with projects using the knowledge I gain from the course, and they will be a big benefit to my resume. At the meantime I'm working through the course, and learning a lot, but it won't be recognized without the certificate so I'm trying to my best to learn before, which I value over the certificate, but in the reality I need the certificate due to the nature of the market in my country. I will be spending 3 days a week (even more, if possible) for the course as it's the most important part of my journey in my opinion.
